

1. How do you define success? List two important elements which may contribute to a successful career and briefly explain why. 
 A more traditional view of success may be big money, big job, etc. Yech, money is great  and that is definitely a plus. I would love to be able to have the financial freedom to do what I want - travel, not worry about bills, etc. But my definition of success means “wherever my soul wants to be.” Paul Coelho once wrote a sentence in his book, ” What is success? It is being able to go to bed each night with your soul at peace.” How my soul feels is the only measure I want to use.
If I have to choose 2 critical elements in achieving successful career, these would be my choices -  Belief and Action.
1. Belief
In order to achieve anything in your career, you have to first believe. You need to believe in yourself that you can do it. You need to have faith in your goals and your path to the success. Once your mind is convinced that you can do it, nothing is impossible.
2. Action
Nothing moves until you do something. Believing alone is not going to achieve anything for you. It must be followed up with concrete action. When you act upon what you believe, there is focus. And there is energy. That energy propels you to greater heights.
2. What is special about workaholics? In your opinion, we work to live or live to work?
A workaholic is a person who is addicted to work. Them enjoy their work and don’t know the line between work and personal life. To some extent, they don’t even have personal time. Work and life have always been a difficult choice for people. 
So to work to live or to live to work, it’s a question. In my opinion, this is noting more than choosing the goal of living in the world. Some people regard working to achieving  themselves or contributing to the society as the meaning of life. That’s right, it is a reflection of one’s values. However, my goal in life is to strive for a better life for myself and my family. 
I choose to work to live although the rich pay much more attention on the mental demand and obviously they live to work. Family is always the most important thing for me. Since I try my best to support my family, I must work at full blast. While working, I’ll devote myself to it. Maybe it seems that I’m living to work. But in the end, I am just for the pleasing profits of my work so that I can lead a better life. Work while I work, and play while I play. It’s my attitude towards life.
3. What factors may lead to people's overwork? How do you balance your work and life?
Nowadays many people around us often stay up late to work overtime until 2 or 3 o’clock in the morning, and some people don’t  even have a break on weekends. What factors lead to their overwork? I think there are two reasons. The first one is  the pressure of material life. Today people attach importance to houses and cars and crazy working reluctantly seems to be normal in society. And the second reason is the lack of work efficiency. With the rapid development of science and technology, there are all kinds of temptations to disturb us during working, which makes our work efficiency drop so much that it takes much more time to get the job done. 
So in order to find a balance between work and life, we are supposed to work carefully and efficiently, and finish the tasks on time. After the daily work, we should spend more time with family. We’d better to eat together or company with each other instead of being addicted to mobile phones or the Internet. What’s more, we can also develop our own habits after work and relax ourselves from the nervous work occasionally. Work is not the whole for you, you should also have your personal life. Balance them, you will benefit a lot.
4. Opinions on the influence of media on people’s studies and life.
There are many types of media such as: television, news paper, magazine, radio, Internet, cinema, phones and so on. Media is more and more important in our daily life.      
The world becomes like a small village because of the effect of media. Media can spread knowledge, information and news form different states, regions and cities. And it tells us many events and their details. For example, recently we all know the progress of Jiang Ge case in Japan, and there are many different reviews about it.   
Media also provides a convenient access to make friends with strangers without limitation of space. And it also has educational functions. For example, we can learn kinds of lessons that we want on the Internet. What’s more, it can motivate us to work as a team, send information about assignments, remind students about deadline and stimulate students to help each other. 
However, every coin has two sides. There are also many disadvantages. For example, many people have wasted plenty of time to play games or chat on the Internet. More and more people become addicted to online play and neglect their communication with friends and relatives. More people choose to stay at home for a long time, ignoring the physical benefits of outdoor exercise.
In a word, we should control ourselves and make good use of the media.









5. Taobao’s success is a testament to the economic power of the Internet. Why do you think people like to visit such Internet commerce companies like Taobao.com and JD.com? 
In current society, shopping on the Internet is becoming more and more popular.
Visiting such Internet commerce companies, we can buy almost everything we need. The most important thing is its convenience. We can shopping online anytime and anywhere even though we are busy. We don’t have to waste a lot of our energy and precious time. It is especially desirable to the old, the sick and the busy people who can’t go to the shops in person. There are all styles, sizes and colors of goods showing on the Internet. And all we need to do is to sit in front of our computers and click the mouses. Then the goods we order will be soon received. In addition, the price is a big advantage. There are a wide variety of online stores, as well as various discounts, such as the double eleven. People can buy the goods they want at more affordable prices than physical stores. 
For store owners, they don't have to pay for renting a store. They can trade and sell their goods at home. Lower cost reduces the price of goods. Then buyers are willing to buy, and merchants are willing to sell. Both sides profited.
So, even there will be some disadvantages of online shopping, people also like to visit such Internet commerce companies.





6. Sometimes our life is lacking joy and happiness. What can we do? Could    you share with us your personal experience?
I believe that life is not always happy and there is no eternal pain. Sometimes  there is lacking joy and happiness in our life. Take it easy. Just like it’s going to clear up  after a long rain, there will be sunshine in your life one day. In fact, that we think unhappy might not be really bad. As long as we look at the problem in a different way, things might not be as bad as we think. 
At the end of the first year in my college, I chose to change my major from Information media to now Computer Science and Technology. The specialized courses have changed a lot after that. More seriously, I changed my academy, my class and even I don’t know any of my new classmates. Everything is new to me. Maybe it would be stressful for my to adapt. But I think I’m supposed to do some efforts.
Firstly, I chose to run for class cadre(班干部). In this way, I’d have more opportunities to contact with my classmates and serve them. All of them are friendly, and I’m happy to be part of them.
Secondly, I’m much harder in class, and often ask teachers and classmates for help after class to let me keep up with others.
After these, my study continued to improve instead of lagging behind. And then I had passed this tough time.

7. Can you give some suggestions on solving the conflicts in interpersonal    communication?
There can be no conflict between people. Each of us is different because of our ideas and beliefs, so conflict is bound to happen. The question is how do we handle conflict with others properly. 
Firstly, we need to determine whether there is a conflict. Not all small friction is conflict. Sometimes letting go of things makes sense. If conflicts do exist, we must confront the conflict, rather than avoiding it. 
Then we need to judge whether the time and place of the discussion of the conflict is appropriate. If you're having a business dinner with your client or going out with your in-laws and your partner, then it's best to wait until you and your partner are alone. Because private discussions tend to be better. 
Thirdly, listening is the first thing. It's important to make someone's point of view before expressing your opinion. Actively respond and reflect during the listening process, and ask questions to make sure you understand each other's opinions. 
In addition, express your position clearly. Be clear about your ideas and use the first person statement rather than the second person. 
After that, consider all possible solutions to the conflict. Don't waste time on conflict. Be prepared to offer solutions that you have considered, while also advising others to come up with their solutions. 
Of course, if necessary, be willing to compromise. Accept that sometimes you won't get what you want. But don't sacrifice your morals and integrity for compromise.
Don't forget that conflict can improve relationships and intimacy.
人与人之间不可能没有冲突。我们每个人因为想法、信仰的不同而不同，因此冲突注定会发生。问题是我们如何正确处理与他人交往时的冲突。首先，我们要确定冲突是否存在。不是所有的小磨擦都是冲突。放开一些事情有时是有意义的。如果冲突确实存在，我们就要正视冲突，而不是逃避它。然后，我们需要确定讨论冲突的时机和地点是否恰当。如果你正与你的客户进行商务聚餐或者与姻亲以及你的伴侣一起外出，那么最好是等到只有你和当事人双方的时候再解决。因为私人场合的讨论效果往往更好。第三，倾听是首要的。在表达自己的观点之前，明确别人的观点是很重要的。在倾听过程中积极回应并反思，通过询问来确保自己理解对方的观点。此外，明确地表达你的立场。明确你的想法，最好使用第一人称陈述，而不是第二人称。之后，考虑解决冲突的所有可行的解决方案。不要浪费时间停留在冲突上。准备提出你已考虑的解决方案，同时也建议别人提出他们的解决方案。当然，必要时，乐意妥协。接受有时你不会得到你想要的这一事实。但是不要为了妥协而牺牲你的道德和正直。不要忘了冲突可以增进人与人之间的关系，让关系更加亲密。

8.  In your opinion, what is the greatest invention in human history? State your reasons. Describe a useless invention, and explain why it is useless
We are living in a world full of inventions, which have produced various changes in our study, work, and daily life. Most of these changes have contributed more or less to the development of our society. In my opinion, Internet is the greatest invention in this century.
     Ever since the emergence of the Internet, it plays an increasingly important role in our life. On the one hand, there are many kinds of resources, such as news, entertainment, website and so on, we can get the information anytime and anywhere to satisfy our needs, for example, when we need to write a paper, we can find a lot of related references. On the other hand, we can find many life service from the Internet. For example,  we can inquiry and order train tickets online in advance instead of queuing up at the train station. 
       This is only the two functions of the Internet, we’re supposed to learn to turn the Internet into our most effective learning tool in our lives.
        As for useless inventions. For example, the nose touch pen. The inventor want to use the nose instead of the hands to touch the phone screen. And I think it is unnecessary. People use their hands which are more sample and convenient to do what they want. While the nose touch pen is uncomfortable and seems ugly and unhandy. There are nobody around me to use it. So I think the nose touch pen is useless. 


9.  What do you think are the most important qualities for creative inventions? Please use examples to illustrate your statement.
        	From my point of view, there are two qualities which are the most important for creative inventions. The first is to be observant, and then is being good at questioning. Why? When you invent something, you are supposed to discover what is going to be nicer for someone or something. For this attention, you should be observant of the surrounding first. Then you will find the problem and come up with innovative ideas. In addition, if you are good at find problems and dared to question, you will find the breakthrough to carry out your work of invention. 
Let take the invention of the humidifier for example. First we have to discover the necessity of inventing this thing from life. Nowadays more and more people use air conditioning or heating, causing too much drying in the room and affecting people's work and study. Secondly, ask questions. How can you make the room less dry? Increase humidity in the air. Then, a useful invention can be invented.
If we are not good at observing life, that we invent may be not practical. If we don't dare to ask questions, it's hard to fundamentally solve the problem. So I think these two points are critical to the invention.
10. What is the most valuable life advice that you get from your parents? What is your principle of life?
       		Family is the most important thing in one’s life. This is the most valuable life advice that I get from my parents. As I am grew up, I find that   that my family love me best in this word. In my family, there are my grandma, grandpa, father, mother and my sister. Wherever I am, they are always the people miss me in heart best. The principle of my life is cherishing life, cherishing my own life and others’ life. I have been shocked many times by some accidents in my life through which I find human’s life is like a delicate vase that will break into pieces for some unexpected incidents. After the postgraduate entrance examination, many people around us chose to end their lives to avoid the moment of disappointment. The same goes for the children who failed  the college entrance exam. And some people hurt others’ lives to complain about the injustice of the world. Some people are born blind or deaf. Some pass away in a minute. Some live in great pain even they are alive. We have no qualification to complain about some little unfairness in our life if we are healthy. I am lucky because I have a wonderful life. I cherish my precious life no matter how difficult the life is and learn to love others’.

11. It is said that "all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy". Why do we need some leisure time in life? And do you think it a good thing to have too much leisure time to yourself?
 Nowadays, most people’s life is full of work. While, life can be beautiful, we need some leisure time to do what we like. If you work all the time, you will pay no attention to your family and friends. And a heavy load of work will do harm to your healthy. What’s more, your family will be in your life a lot longer than most jobs you’ll hold. Your life is in your hand, and as we all know, there are also many exciting things outside of work. We can doing some exercise like playing tennis or basketball with friends. We can go out to buy some beautiful clothes or delicious food, and we can also go to a movie to relax ourselves or even have a very good sleep. 
        But I don’t think it is a good thing to have too much leisure time to myself. Work is an important way to achieve our values. Work is the only way to satisfy our basic needs. In order to get food, clothes and other living conditions to live happily, we need to make money by work. So in this aspect, the great function of work is delightful. In a word, work is not only a way to make a living but also a way for us to achieve ourselves. 
       So we should arrange the work and leisure time better.

12. Please list three factors which may influence your choice of an ideal job and explain why the three factors top your list.
 	When choosing an ideal job, everyone has a standard about it. In my opinion, there are three main factors to influence my choice: dream, competitiveness, and major.
The biggest significance of dream is to give people a direction and a goal. If we have a dream but do nothing, life is not meaningful yet. Dream makes us great, it encourages us to deal actively with the difficulties in our life and work. Step by step, we can make dream come true. As for the competitiveness of one company, it is closely linked to the rising space of our future career. Our own ability will also enhance with the improvement of the competitiveness of the company you work for. And as for the major, we should choose the job which is similar with your major, so as to combine theory with practice. During the work, we will understand the value and significance of the professional. My major is computer technology. I will choose software development or data analysis and other related jobs, which can make my knowledge to my practice. 
So that’s the reason why the three factors top my list.


13. What is an ideal job in your mind? In what sense does a person’s job help improve his/her sense of well-being?
There are various kinds of jobs in the world, but different people are attracted by different jobs because everyone has his own interest and destination. Many people consider an ideal job as a means of making more money and living more comfortably. It may sound reasonable because money is the foundation of life.
I think an ideal job is to do what you like. And I want to be a good software engineer. The computer is widely used in most fields of society such as industry, business, education, medicine... Computers have made their appearance provide great speed and accuracy for people’s work. Computers are indispensable to modern civilization. Without computer, our life and our society will undoubtedly suffer a big regression. What’s more, my major is computer technology, and I learn many knowledge about it. In the present era, society still requires a great deal of computer talents to make our lives more colorful. I want to be a member of them.
We should always be optimistic which can help improve our sense of well-being. We should think in a positive way. Many people are tend to think the problem in a bad way, but in fact, things are not always as bad as they think. We should see the bright side while we are in the bad situation, which make us ensure everything is possible, and everything will get better. Then our mood will not be effected by the predicament.
In a word, to be positive person is not difficult, and this will improve our sense of well-being.

14. What can contribute to a harmonious society? Do you think we always need to look at others in our life and view them as examples?
The honesty can contribute to a harmonious society. I think we should be honest because being honest is not only beneficial to ourselves but also to others and the whole society. The honest people can be truly respected by others and can make more friends. And honesty can make our life easier and more harmonious. Being honest, you will find it easier to cooperate with others and people will be friendly to you and support you. Once you lie, people will never believe you even if you speak the truth. Almost all of us heard the story “Here Comes the Wolf” when we were little kids. What we can learn from the story is that we must be honest in our life.
And it is very important for us to know how to get along with other people. We must be friendly to others. Only when we are friendly to others, can we be treated kindly. being friendly can also contribute to a harmonious society. In addition, we should be tolerant to others. When someone does wrong to you, by accident or by design, we must calm down and think about in his shoes, and try our best to forgive his fault. Last but not least, we should be optimistic all the time. 
I think, sometimes, we should look at others in our life and view them as examples, but not always. Everyone has disadvantages, and we should learn others’ advantages. But we should have our own ideas instead look at others all the time.
Learn from others, but live out your own.


15. What is your opinion on artificial intelligence? If robots with human emotions were invented one day, do you think it a bless or a curse for mankind? Why?
Recently, Google’s AlphaGo have become the most famous artificial intelligence since it defeated Lee Sedol. The machine’s victories have once again made AI a hot topic. Some people welcome the progress and the artificial intelligence is expected to benefit mankind in more fields, such as treatment of diseases, industrial production and large data calculation. As for Google’s AlphaGo, it has achieved great progress and this progress could be revolutionary. Other people worry that artificial intelligence will eventually get out of control. But actually, most of people come into contact with artificial intelligence in science fiction. Their panic root in survival contradiction of artificial intelligence and human in the movies or novels. There is no denying that their concerns are reasonable. 
The ordinary robots can work more efficiently, and nobody can deny that they can work as cheaper labor. They won’t be tired and food and water become unnecessary, they work by electricity. 
While if robots with human emotion were invented one day, I think it a curse for mankind. To begin with, the robots do not need to sleep, it is likely that human privacy can be seen at any time, which will cause human disturbance. What’s worse, if the robots is too intelligent with human emotions and certain thoughts, it is possible to be a threat to human existence and may deprive the dominant power of human beings.
In a word, the robots without emotions can do many things that are hard or impossible for men to do and replace people to do many boring jobs. And that’s enough, I can’t imagine what would happen if the emotional robot were invented, and I think it would be a curse for us.
